docs: enhance documentation with filtering details (#801)
SchweizerischeBundesbahnen/netzgrafik-editor-frontend: documentation/ORIGIN_DESTINATION_MATRIX.md

The Origin Destination Matrix view computes the results once (when opened). It allows to color the matrix based on a chosen palette and a field (right). It also displays a chosen field (bottom left).

[O_D_Matrix_demo_001.webm](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/92a52142-19a3-4bad-a3c8-03fca7c283f7)

## Filtering

If some nodes are selected, then the Origin Destination Matrix will only show results between these nodes (but other nodes may be used to compute paths).

> The Origin Destination Matrix will only show results between visible nodes (but other nodes may be used to compute paths).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Origin Destination Matrix will only show results between non-filtered nodes (but other nodes may be used to compute paths).
```
